1 sigma polyp: tubular adenoma with mild moderate dysplasia of the glandular epithelium.
colon mucosal biopsies: strong active chronic ideopathic colitis appropriate to the known ulcerative colitis. no dysplasia.
rectum: in both subdivisions localization of mantle cell lymphoma. the old material of this patient will be revised with the question whether there was at that time also a mantle cell lymphoma.
rectosigmoid: large intestinal mucosa in which no abnormalities, especially no signs of active inflammation. granulomas are not found.
large intestine (30cm): no apparent abnormalities, especially no signs of active inflammation.
1.2) tubular adenoma with low degree dysplasia.
i-iii: colonbipten, ascendes, transversum and descendents respectively: image comparable in all subheadings
biopsies sigmoid: ulcer and granulation tissue in otherwise only focally active inflamed mucosa. this image is not typical of chronic idiopathic colitis, ischaemic colitis or for infectious cause. genesis is not entirely clear.
colon: hydrochloric image fits well with juvenile polyps. no adenomatous transformation, no malignancy.
ascendents and
tubulo-villous adenoma with low degree dysplasia (mild and moderate) (fragments).
tubular adenoma with low degree (mild) dysplasia.
colon transversum: no abnormalities.
coecum up to 50 cm,
colon mucosal bioptes: no abnormalities.
ileum: very superficially removed ileum mucosa in which no abnormalities.
tubulo-villous adenoma with high degree dysplasia. focal aspects of pseudo-invasion of the axis. free the margin of resection.
sigmaid bioptes at 30 cm: in chronic moderately active idiopathic colitis appropriate to active phase of ulcer colitis. in
terminal ileum: no abnormalities.
coecum (i): tubular adenoma, dysplasia minor. no malignancy. colon (ii) and colon descendents (iii): low chronic inflammation
biopt simoid: large intestinal mucosa without any obvious abnormalities.
biopsies coecum / valvula of bauhini: reactive change, no inflammation or granulomas.
colon descendents biopsies at 80 cm, no active inflammation. in all 3 subdivisions no signs of dysplasia.
random biopsy sigmoid: no abnormalities, especially no evidence of graft versus host disease.
biopt colon: chronic partly active non-specific inflammation. the image may be seen near a diverticulitis but is not specific to this.
4 - pseudopolyp inflammatory consisting predominantly of granulation tissue with rich inflammatory quota.
liver biopsy containing a fibrous nodus (diameter approximately 2 mm). no malignancy.
biopt colon: not well evaluable material. see macroscopy and microscopy.
sigmaid bioptes: large intestinal mucosa without abnormalities.
colon biops, ascensions, transversals and descendants respectively: image comparable in all subheadings
1.2) two tubular adenomas with mild to moderate dysplasia of the epithelium.
25 cm ab ano,
2) tubular adenoma with mild dysplasia of the epithelium.
a,b: intramucous adenocarcinoma on tubular-villosum adenoma with high degree dysplasia. free of peduncle and implant base. c: two hyperplasia polyps.
2.3 descending colon biopsies and sigma: colic mucosa site of mild chronic active phlogosis.
biopsies sigmoid: histological image appropriate to an active ulcerative colitis, however not entirely specific. no evidence for any other explanation of the clinical image.
anastomosis: suspected small intestinal mucosa with moderate active non-specific anastomositis.
multiple biopsy colon: no abnormalities, no evidence of colitis or giardia.
left hemicolon: focal inflammatory residue..
c. a morbus crohn. no dysplasia or malignancy. a fistula pathway was not found, nor skin fragments. is the material representative?
1 sigma polyp at 20 cm: tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia of the epithelium. base not properly evaluable.
no abnormalities, especially no inflammation, no intraepithelial lymphocytosis. no dysplasia or malignancy.
2 - tubular adenoma with low degree (mild) dysplasia.
sigmaid bioptes: colon mucosa without any obvious abnormalities.
chronic cholecystitis and pericolestitis, flared up, with follicular aspects. focal hyperplasia-regenerative aspects of the mucosa.
flexura hepatica,
biopsies colon anastomosis after rectum ok: 4 large intestinal mucosa fragments with low chronic active inflammation. no ulceration. no evidence of adenotriosis externa.
biopt colon: no abnormalities, especially no evidence of graft versus host reaction, amyloidase or cmv infection.
biopt colon: polypeus colon mucosal fragment with inflammatory residue. no adenomatous changes.
1.2) tubular adenoma with mild dysplasia of the glandular epithelium.
diffuse vulnerable mucous membrane: reactive change. no inflammation, dysplasia, or malignancy.
polypoide hyperplastic mucosa (fragments).
tubular adenoma with moderate epithelium dysplasia. base not evaluable.
4 - tubular adenoma with low degree dysplasia (mild-moderate).
coecum and colon bioptes: in all components diffuse chronic moderately active inflammation appropriate to moderately active ulcerative colitis. no dysplasia or malignancy.
tubular adenoma with mild to moderate dysplasia of the epithelium.
colon mucosal biopsies: no abnormalities, in particular no evidence of amyloidase.
sigmaideum,
2 - tubular adenoma with low (moderate) dysplasia.
biopsies colon ascendes and transversum,
1 - tubular adenoma with low degree dysplasia (mild-moderate) (fragments).
biopsies ileum and twice colon: no abnormalities, no activity of crohn's disease.
biopsies i duedenum, ii bubulbus duedeni: thin gut mucosa without abnormalities. iii gastric biopsy: antrum without abnormalities. iv coecum: inflammatory residue, no inflammatory activity, image could fit an inflammatory bowel disease but is not conclusive. v colon flexura hepatica, vi colon 40 cm, vii colon 5-10 cm: no abnormalities.
colon transversum proximal,
2- adenoma tightened with low-grade dysplasia.
sigmaid biopts at 50 cm, chronic moderately active idiopathic colitis appropriate to active phase of ulcer colitis.
biopsies rectosigmoid: colon mucosa with chronic inflammation and signs of collagen colitis.
-
blood coagulation. no colon mucosa found.
transversum,
tubular adenoma with mild to moderate dysplasia of the glandular epithelium.
tubulo-villous adenoma with low-grade dysplasia (light-moderate) (fragments).
distal colon biopsy: polyepeus colon mucosa with strong chronic non-specific inflammation without acute component.
45 cm ab ano,
biopsies sigmoid at 30 cm ab ano (i), rectum (ii) and topography unknown (iii): colon mucosal biopsies without abnormalities.
colon transversum,
- v biopsy colon transversum, descendents and rectosigmoid: no abnormalities, in particular no inflammation or malignancy.
biopsies proximal and distal colon: colon mucous membrane with inflammatory residue.
biopt colon transversum: mechanically damaged colon biopsies. no adenoma, dysplasia or malignancy.
biopsies colonsigmoid: extensive chronic, partially active, inflammation with cryptdeformation. insufficient clues for morbus crohn in these biopsys. no dysplasia or malignancy.
no signs of malignancy. no granulomas. ii gastrointestinal biopsy: no abnormalities, no inflammation, no signs of malignancy. iii - v biopsy colon transversum, descendents and rectosigmoid: no abnormalities, in particular no inflammation or malignancy.
colon and rectosigmoid biopsies: normal large intestinal mucosa, especially no signs of inflammation or evidence of morbus crohn.
<place> block no <patient number>, colonbiopts: adenocarcinoma in which no activating k-ras mutation has been detected
terminal ileum, v coecum: in both subheadings reactive change in the form of low epithelial stimulation and low eosinophilia at most.
colon ascendents: chronic, moderately active idiopathic colitis. image can fit morbus crohn. no dysplasia or malignancy.
neoterminal ileum: small intestinal mucosa with at most low active non-specific inflammation.
i to v: biopsies terminal ileum to rectum: chronically low active inflammation suspected for ibd, most appropriate for ulcerative colitis. no dysplasia, no malignancy. locally atypical lymphoid infiltrate for which coloring follows. ps: supplement dd <date>: morphologically atypical infiltrate is referred to as reactive.
1) fragments of villous adenoma with mild to moderate dysplasia.
sigmoid/rectum: very active, non-specific inflammation with ulceration. may fit in ulcerative colitis. no direct evidence of morbus crohn.
colon mucous polyp 30 cm
villous adenoma with high degree dysplasia (moderate and severe). resection margin and lesion-free peduncle.
ii gastric antrum: chronic, low active inflammation without helicobacter pylori. iii terminal ileum: no abnormalities. iv coecum, vi colon 40 cm ab ano and vii colon 10 cm ab ano: chronic inflammation, appropriate to ulcerative colitis. i 5 colon in flexura hepatics: chronically active colitis. the image fits in partially active ulcerative colitis with additionally in the upper tractus digestivus acute inflammation possibly medicinally induced. no connecting points for morbus crohn.
1,2,3,5 - ileocolic and rectal mucosa within the limits of the norm (fragments).
a,b - tubular adenoma with low (moderate) dysplasia (two fragments).
colon transversum: quiet idiopathic colitis. minimal active inflammation. no dysplasia or malignancy.
2,3,4 biopsy colon (various locations): fragments of cholic mucosa with regular glandular architecture and mucipara activity preserved. mild chronic inflammatory infiltrate into its own lamina, with moderate share of eosinophil granulocytes. not conclusive evidence for microscopic colitis.
2- tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia, focally severe glandular epithelium.
biopsies i terminal ileum, ii coecum en colon ascendens, iii colon transversum proximal, iv colon transversum distal, v sigmoid, vi rectum: in all subheadings no deviations, in particular no connecting points for ibd.
biopsies sigmoid: colon mucosa with moderately strong chronic, locally active inflammation. the image can fit ulcerative colitis.
1) tubular adenomas with mild dysplasia of the epithelium.
biopsies rectosigmoid: light oedemateus large intestinal mucosa with hypersecretory epithelium and slightly attached basal membrane. insufficient connecting points for collagene or lymphocytic colitis. nb: characteristic abnormalities of collagene colitis may be missing in rectosigmoid biopts! upon continued suspicion new more proximal biopsies.
biopt colon: granulation tissue.
