polyps 40.20 and 15 cm: approximately half of the fragments of adenomatous changes fit in low grade dysplasia.
polyp at 15cm: 6tal polypoid colon mucosal fragments with in 5 the image of an adenoma, 4 tubular and 1 tubulovilleus, with moderate dysplasia. the cut surfaces of the tubular adenomas are not free, of the tubulovilleus adenoma are not reliable to assess. also a small hyperplastic polyp. no evidence of malignancy.
2 octopus recto-sigma junction: tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia (fragments).
2 - tubular adenoma with low degree dysplasia (mild-moderate).
1 - villous adenomatous neoplasm with severe dysplasia / intramucous adenocarcinoma, without evaluable infiltration into the test material (surface fragments).
biopsies colon 20 cm (large polyp) and rectum: fragments of tubulovilleous adenomas. predominantly low grade dysplasia. and in the larger fragments focal high grade dysplasia. supplement of <date>: supplement: following discussion with gastroenterology, the polyepectomy of the large polyp at 20 cm is considered radical.
2 - tubular adenoma with low degree dysplasia (moderate).
sigmaid: normal mucosa and a small tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia. no malignancy.
biopt colon transversum: tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia. no invasive growth.
coecum (i): tubular adenoma, dysplasia minor. no malignancy. colon (ii) and colon descendents (iii): low chronic inflammation
colon transversum: adenocarcinoma.
descendents: in all subheadings mild architectural defects, no inflammatory activity or dysplasia.
1- severed adenoma with low-grade dysplasia.
i and ii: colon bioptes (bauhini valve, i) and (bauhini distal valve, ii): no abnormalities. considering question probably not deep enough. iii: colon bioptes (at 55 cm): villeus adenoma, low-grade dysplasia. iv and v: colon bioptes (at 40 cm iv) and rectum bioptes (poultry): tubular adenomas with mainly low-grade dysplasia. focal high-grade dysplasia. vi: rectum bioptes (15 cm ab ano): tubular adenoma, low-grade dysplasia.
biopt colon transversum: tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia, no high grade dysplasia or malignancy.
1- adenocarcinoma (fragments).
2 distal sigma polyp: tubulovillous adenoma with severe dysplasia/intramucous carcinoma in the minor fragment. in the major fragment the aspects are of severe dysplasia of the glandular epithelium. in the minor fragment is not evaluable implant base. in the major fragment the implant base appears free.
2 octopus sigma: tubular-villosum adenoma with moderate-severe dysplasia of the glandular epithelium, free of surgical resection margin.
sigmaid biopt: tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia. no invasive growth.
biopsies stomach flexura hepatica colon: adenocarcinoma
two tubular adenomas with low degree dysplasia (mild) and a "serrated" hyperplasia polyp.
polyep rectum: the image is considered adenocarcinoma, formed in a tubular adenoma.
4) fragments of villous adenoma with high degree dysplasia and focal cancerization.
tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia of the glandular epithelium.
lisexcision rectum (stealed polyp): tubulovilleus adenoma with partly high-grade dysplasia.
colon descendensbiopts: a total of 6 biopsies of which 1 with localization of a well differentiated adenocarcinoma. invasion depth in biopsy not to be indicated. also 2 biopsys with small to moderate dysplasia and 3 biopsys large intestinal mucosa without abnormalities.
2) tubulo-villous adenoma with high degree dysplasia, free of peduncle and implant base.
2- tubular adenoma with moderate, focally severe dysplasia.
biopsies colon descendants: metastasis of the known renal cell carcinoma.
polyep colon ascendes: minuscule particles from tubulovilleus adenoma with moderate dysplasia.
1 right colon biopsy: major fragment represented by tubular-villous adenoma with moderate-severe dysplasia of the epithelium. free base. further fragment represented by tubular adenoma with mild dysplasia.
adenomatous adenomatous polyp with low degree (mild) focal dysplasia.
adenomatous- hyperplasia polyp "serrated" type with low degree dysplasia (mild) (fragments).
polyp: tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia.
2 right colon polyps: tubular adenomas with low degree dysplasia.
tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia with no invasive growth in focal severe dysplasia.
biopt colon (30 cm ab ano): superficial biopsy highly suspect for adenocarcinoma.
tubular adenoma, low grade dysplasia. vi: rectum bioptes (15 cm ab ano): tubular adenoma, low grade dysplasia.
1 ascending octopus: fragments of tubular adenoma with mild dysplasia of the glandular epithelium.
tubular adenoma with low degree dysplasia (moderate). no margin of resection is known.
descendens sigmoid rectum: various fragments of predominantly tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia. in a single place a fragment also shows minor characteristics of small villeus adenoma with moderate dysplasia.
i: biopsies coecal valve; colon transversum and rectum: no abnormalities, in particular no evidence of microscopic colitis, ibd or ischemia. ii: biopsies polypje ascendens: tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia
1) well differentiated adenocarcinoma insurgent on adenoma. the neoplasm infiltrates the submucosa for a maximum thickness of 4 mm. distance from the resection margin of the base cm 1.1 adenocarcinoma/adenoma ratio equal to 1/10 (10%). absence of vascular invasion. absence of perineural infiltration. absence of tumour budding. the implant base appears free from neoplasm.
biopt polyep colon transversum: tubular adenoma with moderate to severe dysplasia. no invasive growth.
1.2) tubular adenoma with mild dysplasia of the glandular epithelium.
tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia of the glandular epithelium (fragments).
central biopsy (i) and peripheral biopsy right lower lobe lung (ii): in both parts partly in lymph vessels locating adenocarcinoma. image appropriate to metastasis of previously diagnosed colon carcinoma (<patient number>). immune histochemical examination follows to confirm diagnosis. <date>: ip study confirmed colon origin. <person>/<person>.
partial liver resection (130 grams) in which a solitary approximately 2.4 cm large moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma fireplace appropriate to a metastasis of the known coecum carcinoma. liver resection edge removed at least 3 cm from the tumour.
ulcerated adenocarcinoma (fragments).
hot forceps biopsy polyepje colon ascendes: tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia. no invasive growth.
1 - tubular adenoma with low degree (mild) dysplasia.
2 recto-sigma polyps: tubulo-villous adenoma with moderate epithelium dysplasia.
biopsies tumor sigmoid: adenocarcinoma.
biopsies anastomosis after low anterior resection: residual inflammation, no dysplasia or malignancy.
liver needle biopsy: metastasis of adenocarcinoma, despite the negative ck20 best suited to primary tumour in the lower tractus digestivus. mamma or ovarian carcinoma less likely
fragments of tubular adenoma with low-grade dysplasia.
biopsies flexura hepatica: adenocarcinoma, for comments see microscopy. ii: polyps: hyperplastic polyp with also villeus adenoma with low grade dysplasia.
biopsies lesion 10-15 cm ab ano: parts of a tubulovilleus adenoma with severe dysplasia, locally highly suspected for adenocarcinoma.
biopt colon at 70 cm: tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia
colic mucosa infiltrated by poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma.
1 rectal polyp: moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma, intramucous, insurgent on tubulo-villous adenoma, vascular connective axis and free endoscopic resection margin.
large polyp at 15 cm ab ano: tubulovilleus adenoma with moderate (low grade) dysplasia. cave representativeness in larger lesion.
adenomatous hyperplasia polyp with low degree (mild) dysplasia (fragments).
one minute hyperplasia polyp and cholic mucosa with focally distorted architecture and with intramucosis outbreaks of moderate adenomatous dysplasia.
tubular adenoma with low-grade dysplasia.
a,b - tubular adenoma with low (moderate) dysplasia (two fragments).
colon ascendesbiopt: adenocarcinoma, probably occurring in villeus adenoma
biopsies ileum and colon: spread low activity of crohn's disease in the colon, no dysplasia.
2 left colon octopus: tubular adenoma with mild to moderate dysplasia of the glandular epithelium.
villous adenoma with low degree (moderate) dysplasia.
1) moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma of the rectum. the neoplasm infiltrates the intestinal wall at all thickness and the mesoret. presence of diffuse intra and extra-mural vascular invasion. presence of perineural infiltration. presence of metastatic deposits in the mesoretto. absence of tumorous budding. the neoplasm is 5 mm from the margin of radial resection the remaining mucous membrane appears diffusely necrotic, with marked acute and chronic infiltration of the lamina own, marked oedema and vascular congestion of the submucosa. necrosis and phlogosis persist on the proximal margin that appears, however, free from neoplasm. distal margin free from neoplasm. twelve lymph nodes metastases site, sometimes even to extracapsular extension.
colonbiopts: a hyperplastic polyp and a tubular adenoma with low-grade dysplasia, no high-grade dysplasia or malignancy.
biopsies colon descends and rectosigmoid at 20cm 2x: histological image of ideopathic colitis, given its homogeneity slightly more appropriate to ulcerative colitis than to morbus crohn. furthermore, a biopsy at 20cm in which a tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia.
tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia, no invasive growth.
tubulo-villous adenoma with moderate-severe dysplasia of the epithelium.
2 - tubulo-villous adenoma with low and high degree dysplasia (moderate-severe). resection margin, where evaluable, free from injury.
biopt colon descendants: tubular adenoma with mild to moderate dysplasia.
2 - intramucous adenocarcinoma, on tubulo-villous adenoma. there is no identification of invasion of the connective-vascular axis submucous and mucous muscularis.
tubular adenoma with low degree dysplasia (mild-moderate) (fragments).
narrowed adenoma with low-grade dysplasia.
biopt colon: small tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia.
tubular adenoma with low degree (mild) dysplasia.
polyp 40 cm: tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia.
adenomatous hyperplasia polyp with low degree (mild) dysplasia focal.
polyep coecum: adenoma with low-grade dysplasia.
double tubular adenomas with moderate dysplasia.
4-tal polyps colon descends and sigmoid: 4 large intestinal mucosal fragments with in all superficial adenomatous changes appropriate to minor dysplasia. no invasive growth.
1.2) two tubular adenomas with mild to moderate dysplasia of the epithelium.
tubular adenoma with mild dysplasia of the glandular epithelium.
tubulo-villous adenoma with moderate dysplasia of the glandular epithelium.
colonbiopting 60 cm: adenomatous polyp with moderate dysplasia. no invasive growth.
tubulo-villous adenoma with low (moderate) dysplasia. resection margin, where evaluable, free of dysplasia.
1 - hyperplasia-adenomatous polyp with low degree (mild) dysplasia focal (fragments).
mino polip hyperplasia-adenomatous with mild dysplasia.
3 - tubular adenoma with low dysplasia and, focally, high degree (moderate, focally severe). low degree dysplasia is found focally in the glandular epithelium of the resection margin.
biopsies ileum, right hemicolon, proximal transversum, and rectosigmoid: thin and large intestinal mucosa without abnormalities. the biopsy iii shows low-grade dysplasia. in v, transversum descendents a single hyperplastic polyp is found. the polyp in vii is also a hyperplastic polyp
adenocarcinoma (fragments).
adenocarcinoma with focal mucinous aspects.
2 left colon octopus: tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia of the glandular epithelium.
i biopsies ileum, ii straight-sided colon and vi left-sided colon: no abnormalities. iii polypje transversum and iv polypje sigmoid 60 cm: tubular adenoma with low-grade dysplasia. v polypje sigmoid 20 cm: hyperplastic polyp.
tubular adenoma with severe dysplasia of the glandular epithelium.
tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia.
polyep sigmoid: tubulovilleus adenoma with strong dysplasia. no infiltrational growth in this material.
1 medium sigma polyp (cm 0.3): tubular adenoma with mild dysplasia of the epithelium.
2- adenoma tightened with low-grade dysplasia.
1 "sexile injury" of the ascendant: tubular adenoma with mild to moderate dysplasia of the epithelium.
in both tubular adenoma sites with moderate-severe (high-grade) dysplasia of the glandular epithelium.
ileocaecal resection: in the colon poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma with neuroendocrine characteristics and mucus formation. diameter of approximately 3.7 cm. there is growth through to the fatty tissue and through the serosa. the end-of-life resection surfaces and the mesocolic resection plane are free. there are 51 lymph nodes of which 11 lymph nodes with metastases with extranodal growth. there is vaso-invasive growth and perineural growth. proposal for stadification: pt4n2. in the colon extensive active inflammation appropriate to the known ulcerative colitis. the end-time resection surfaces show no active inflammation.
two different tissue pieces both with tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia
i-iii coecum and colon biopt: in all components diffuse chronic moderately active inflammation appropriate to moderately active ulcerative colitis. no dysplasia or malignancy. iv polyep at 28 cm: adenomatous changes appropriate to moderate dysplasia. in these small and superficial particles no invasive growth.
polyp at 28 cm: adenomatous changes appropriate to moderate dysplasia. in these small and superficial particles no invasive growth.
biopsies colon ascendes (for carcinoma suspected disorder): adenocarcinoma.
adenomatosis polypoid fragments, tubulo-villosis, with high-grade dysplasia of the glandular epithelium.
poliepectomy colon (50 cm ab ano) with a tubulovilleus adenoma with low grade dysplasia. is not reliable to assess.
tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia with no invasive growth in iii focal severe dysplasia.
1) mucinous adenocarcinoma of the large intestine, poorly differentiated, ulcerated. the neoplasm originates in the context of a tubulo-villous adenoma and infiltrates the wall of the blind at all thickness, the pervisceral adipose tissue and pierces the serum. the neoplasm is present also on the margin of retroperitoneal radial resection of the blind. present lymphatic and perineural invasion. metastases at 16/24 lymph nodes found. numerous dangerous tumor deposits (ptds) associated with vessels and nerves, the greater cm 1,5 of maximum diameter. two tubular-villosis adenomas with high degree dysplasia; free of the respective bases of implantation (polyps macroscopically described). free from neoplasm the margins of proximal and distal intestinal resection.
tubulo-villous adenoma with moderate-severe dysplasia of the glandular epithelium.
rectum: predominantly tubular adenoma with focally strong mucus production. the stem shows the same image so that it cannot be said with certainty whether this polyp is also free at the base. control of this area is probably desired. the covering epithelium shows moderate dysplasia everywhere. no malignancy.
1 - tubulo-villous adenoma with low dysplasia and, focally, high degree (moderate-severe). resection margin, where evaluable, free from injury.
3 - mucinous adenocarcinoma in one of the fragments of colic mucosa under examination.
